docs(SaaS): Extend concept documentation for Scheduled backups (#2874)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/concepts/backups.md

With backups, you can capture snapshots of your data and applications while they are actively in use, resulting in zero downtime or disruption to your operations. Backups are designed specifically for disaster recovery purposes, and should not be used for archival of process data.

> ## Cluster relationship

Reviewer: Let's remove this section heading and place all its content into the Caution box. This is a single point and I don't think we need a section here

Backups are created and managed on a per-cluster basis. It is important to be aware that deleting a cluster will also delete all associated backups.

:::caution
Exercise caution when deleting clusters to avoid unintended loss of backups.
:::

> ## Programmatic access

Reviewer 2: I would move this at the end of the document again. I think it's an extra option that is possible so we can mention it after the basics.

The backup operations can be performed programmatically using the Console API. This provides the flexibility to seamlessly integrate backup-related tasks with your existing systems and automation workflows. For detailed information on using the API, refer to the [Console API reference](docs/apis-tools/console-api-reference.md).

## Backup Types

### Manual backup

> Manual backups are be triggered by the user.

Reviewer: Let's add a bit more explanation here:
Manual backups refer to the user-initiated process of creating a consistent snapshot of the state of all system components, including Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist,  and Optimize. These backups are managed on a per-cluster basis and are primarily designed for disaster recovery purposes.

Your cluster generation needs to be greater or equal to `8.2.4` to support manual backups.

> #### Manual backup rate limits

Reviewer: We talk here about Rate limits and backup limits.
#### Backup Limits and Rate Limits"

> Each cluster has a limit of three manual backups. To ensure system stability, backup operations are subject to rate limits. Specifically, you can perform a backup operation every five hours.

Reviewer 3: Can I contact support if I want to increase this limit?

Reviewer 3: Or CSM like scheduled backups?

Author: If I am not mistaken, this is a limit on the Console side, we can ask @ultraschuppi or @ColRad if this is possible

Reviewer 4: Thats currently a hardcoded limit.

> Each cluster has a limit of three manual backups. To ensure system stability, backup operations are subject to rate limits. Specifically, you can perform a backup operation every five hours. However, it is possible to delete a backup and create a new one before the 5-hour rate limit expires.

Reviewer: Lets add number like "... three (3) manual"

> Each cluster has a limit of three manual backups. To ensure system stability, backup operations are subject to rate limits. Specifically, you can perform a backup operation every five hours. However, it is possible to delete a backup and create a new one before the 5-hour rate limit expires.

Reviewer: "However, users can delete an existing backup to create a new one before the rate limit period ends. "

Scheduled backups are created periodically (e.g daily, weekly). They are configured to run automatically on the scheduled time.

> Your cluster generation needs to be greater or equal to `8.x.x` to support automated backups.

Author: needs to be adjusted to the chosen version

### Scheduled backups

Scheduled backups are created periodically (e.g daily, weekly..). They are configured to run automatically on the scheduled time.

Your cluster generation needs to be greater or equal to `8.x.x` to support automated backups.

#### Scheduled backups rate limits

A backup schedule retains the last three successful and failed backups. Failed backups are retained to allow further root-causing why the backup failed.

> The system retains the three most recent successful/failed backups per cluster. Failed backup are not re-tried, it just waits for the next scheduled backup to run.

Reviewer: Last sentence propose rephrasing:
"If a backup fails, it's not retried immediately as the system waits for the next backup attempt."

Your cluster generation needs to be greater or equal to `8.2.4` to support backups.

### Rate limits

Each cluster has a limit of three manual backups. To ensure system stability, backup operations are subject to rate limits. Specifically, you can perform a backup operation every five hours. However, it is possible to delete a backup and create a new one before the 5-hour rate limit expires.

The system retains the three most recent completed backups per cluster. Failed backup attempts do not count towards the retention count. When a new backup is successful and the retention count is reached, the oldest backup is automatically deleted.

:::note
If you require more retained backups or more frequent backups, contact your Customer Success Manager to discuss your specific needs.
:::

## Scheduled backups

Scheduled backups are backups that are created periodically (e.g daily, weekly..), they can be useful to protect the cluster from major data loss in case of an incident.

### Rate limits

> Each cluster has a limit of three successful and three failed scheduled backups, which mean a maximum of 6 scheduled backups are retained.
> 

Reviewer 2: I think customers could confuse this to think that they get 6 scheduled backups. 

```suggestion
A backup schedule retains the last three successful and failed backups. Failed backups are retained to allow further root-causing why the backup failed. 
```

The system retains the three most recent successful/failed backups per cluster. Failed backup are not re-tried, it just waits for the next scheduled backup to run.

:::note
If you require more retained backups or more frequent backups, contact your Customer Success Manager to discuss your specific needs.

> :::

Reviewer 2: This note is exactly the same for both types of backups. We can put it after both sections instead of duplicating it.
